In the 21st century.
a powerful
technology is transforming
our understanding
of the ancient world.
Artificial intelligence is
one of the most fascinating
technologies
in human history.
We're getting knowledge
that we didn't have.
Artificial intelligence is finding
entire civilizations
that were completely unknown.
They identified
60.000 ancient Mayan ruins
that had been lost
for centuries.
And it is extracting
incredible new information
from the world's
earliest writings.
It's very
possible that
AI will help unlock
new understandings
about the gods.
As AI reveals
new details about our past.
will it uncover proof
that Earth was visited
by extraterrestrials?
Through AI.
we're able
to analyze clues
and ultimately find out
who we are
and where we came from.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
At Dartmouth College.
some of the brightest minds
in the emerging field
of computer science
hold the first ever workshop
on a new concept called
artificial intelligence.
Their goal is to figure out
how to create machines
that can think and learn
like humans.
The computer scientists
at Dartmouth were way ahead
of their time.
especially when it comes to
computers replicating
human-like thinking.
And if you fast forward
just 40 years later.
you see the IBM Deep Blue system
defeating Garry Kasparov.
a world chess champion.
After that. you have
AI mimicking human behavior.
driving cars. and pretty much in
every aspect of our daily lives.
Artificial intelligence is the ability
to use electronics
to begin to simulate the
workings of the brain itself.
Some people look at movies
like The Terminator and say.
"Oh. my god. we're
talking about doomsday.
Other people say we're
talking about a golden age
where machines increase
our power and our ability
to create prosperity and peace.
AI certainly can be
an incredible tool.
However.
at the same time. we need
to be very. very careful.
because I cannot tell you
how many examples
there are out there right now
where it's been proven
AI has made mistakes.
While there is much
debate over the benefits
and dangers
of artificial intelligence.
the technology continues
to evolve at a rapid pace.
and is quickly becoming
a powerful tool
for historians
and archaeologists.
The potential of AI
to help us in archaeology and
in anthropology is limitless.
One way how AI can be used.
for example. is
a lot of the ancient sites today
are quite literally in ruins.
but AI can help us with
reassembling them on a screen.
AI can take
a lot of seemingly random
data points.
but it can join the dots
in a way that
human researchers can't.
It can look at images
of archaeological sites
and essentially say.
"Well. what are we missing?"
And it may find something
which is part
of the original construction.
AI can model unimaginable
number of scenarios
in an instant.
AI is having a dramatic impact
in the rediscovery
of lost civilizations.
An AI can be used to
accelerate our reconstruction
of ancient technologies.
This is tremendously exciting.
As artificial
intelligence
uncovers long-hidden secrets
in the archaeological record.
ancient astronaut theorists
are confident
it will also provide
new evidence
of extraterrestrial intervention
on Earth.
And they believe
one of the best ways
in which this technology
is being applied
is in the translation
of ancient cuneiform texts.
The oldest were written
more than 5.000 years ago
by the Sumerians. who are
the world's first
known civilization.
One of the great
things that the Sumerians did
was precisely writing
with a stylus in clay.
and then firing the clay
so it becomes a brick.
And over the centuries
that brick becomes.
essentially. stone.
And so. archeologists found
literally thousands of these.
Attempts to decipher
Sumerian cuneiform
began in 1849.
and it took nearly 90 years
to fully crack it.
When they did.
researchers discovered
detailed business ledgers.
official government
correspondence
and medical texts.
But it is the stories
found in the cuneiform tablets
of powerful beings
called the Anunnaki
that is of particular interest
to ancient astronaut theorists.
The Anunnaki
are the founder gods
of the Sumerian civilization.
And they were masters
of the arts and sciences
bringing civilizing qualities
to this part of the world.
According to
the Sumerian texts. the Anunnaki
would come
in rockets to Earth.
And they helped
create Sumerian culture.
These texts are describing
what would only seem
to be extraterrestrials.
To date.
only ten percent
of the over half a million
cuneiform tablets found
have been translated.
leading ancient astronaut
theorists to speculate
that more information
about the Anunnaki
is yet to be discovered.
There are only about
100 people who can
translate cuneiform
anywhere in the world.
So. who knows
what these untranslated tablets
might contain?
Now. thanks
to artificial intelligence.
translation of these texts
is being greatly accelerated.
At Ariel University.
Professor of Assyriology
and Digital Humanities
Dr. Shai Gordin
has created a new
AI-powered translation software
to study Sumerian cuneiform.
With the advent
of the recording of cuneiform
artifacts digitally.
that brought about a revolution
in our accessibility
to these artifacts.
An AI can be trained
to identify
the shapes of certain signs
or certain letters.
And with
the accumulation of these
digitization of tablets.
it became
relatively easy to do.
The AI program
has not only learned
how to read
and translate cuneiform.
it can also reassemble texts
from broken tablets.
Now that
everything is digitized.
artificial intelligence
completed lines
of ancient literature
that hasn't been read
for thousands of years.
Which is. uh. incredible.
Using AI to read
and translate cuneiform texts
is still in its infancy.
but already. it has discovered
20 new lines
in The Epic of Gilgamesh.
which is the oldest story
ever written.
Researchers at the University of Chicago
are also using
artificial intelligence
to interpret the college's
collection of cuneiform tablets.
The AI program known as
DeepScribe is being trained
to decode
yet-to-be translated texts
embedded in thousands
of ancient government records.
The technology will also
have the capability
of finding missing details
in tablets
that have already
been deciphered.
AI is able
to look at intricate markings
on the tablets and determine
lost words or lost phrases
that are embedded within
these tablets that were
previously invisible to humans.
The idea
that we now have
an AI model--
in fact. several--
that can now
translate cuneiform
is gonna make full translations
of these texts
an awful lot easier.
And who knows what
these tablets might contain?
They could
contain creation myths.
cosmological ideas.
perhaps even a memory
of the ancient sites like
Göbekli Tepe and Karahan Tepe.
It's very possible
that AI will help unlock
a whole new lexicon
of knowledge.
possibly new data sets.
new understandings
about the gods
that are just
waiting to be discovered.
There are literally thousands
of tablets
that we still
have not translated.
and there's probably
a wealth of information
that we can tap into
utilizing this type of medium.
As artificial
intelligence
becomes an essential tool for
investigating the ancient world.
could it reveal new details
that fundamentally change
our understanding
of human history?
Ancient astronaut theorists
say yes.
and suggest further evidence
can be found
by examining how AI is helping
to uncover civilizations
that had been lost
for centuries.
Dotting the jungles
of Central America
stand the ruins of the Maya.
considered by many to be one
of the greatest civilizations
in the history of the Americas.
These skilled craftsmen
created sophisticated cities
and temples.
including Tikal.
Palenque.
Chichen Itza.
Uxmal.
and Copán.
The Maya really stand out among
ancient civilizations.
in terms of their
achievements.
They created
the only writing system
we know in all of the Americas.
And they became masters
of mathematics and astronomy.
Archeologists have determined
that the most well-known
Mayan ruins
were created between
250 and 900 AD.
Scholars have
long considered this era.
known as the Classic Period.
to be the height
of Maya civilization.
For decades.
there was a understanding
or thinking
that the Classic Period
was really
where they started
building cities.
And that. before that. they had
more humble.
village style living.
But very recently. we have
AI finding earlier
than we knew structures.
and it's given us
a better understanding
of the Maya world.
For over two decades.
archaeologists have been
performing surveys
of the vast Mirador Basin.
examining more than
1.6 million acres
of dense jungle
using lidar technology.
Lidar
is the use of lasers
in order to penetrate
through the jungle
to see what is lurking
beneath all of that.
And that has opened up
a whole new gateway.
Instead of
going into the jungle.
you can now do it with airplanes
and use laser technology
to peer beneath the jungle
to see what happened
hundreds of years ago.
The lidar scans have
produced thousands of images
and more data
than archeologists
could ever hope to sift
through on their own.
So. to process the material.
many have turned to
artificial intelligence.
AI models can take
large data sets of lidar.
and through pattern
recognition and seeking
straight lines and circles.
it's revealed
undetected structures
that were previously
invisible to humans.
With the use
of artificial intelligence
analyzing lidar images.
archaeologists have identified
60.000 ancient Mayan ruins
hidden beneath
a jungle canopy
that had been lost
for centuries.
I've been
a mapper in the Maya area
for decades now. and lidar.
combined with
the processing speed of AI.
has changed things.
I've mapped
about 4.000 buildings.
but what I've done
for a whole lifetime
was quadrupled by AI
and lidar in a single year.
and that was just in one area.
Not only
were archeologists amazed
by the number of settlements
the AI program identified.
they were astonished
by their apparent age.
It's thought that the newly
discovered Mayan structures
were created
in the tenth century BC--
predating other
Mayan structures
by more than 1.000 years.
A huge population
must have once existed there.
and this was never known
before this technology was used
to uncover this information.
Archeologists realized that this area
was at one time
densely populated.
and they built
huge pyramid cities.
There were
hundreds of thousands.
if not even millions
of people living there.
For ancient
astronaut theorists.
these 3.000-year-old ruins
are particularly intriguing
because the Maya
wrote about an earlier age
that predated
the Classic Maya structures
archaeologists were familiar with.
The Maya themselves
say that
the founders
of the Mayan civilization
were. in fact. star beings
that had come down
in the distant past
that had given the Maya
the knowledge and wisdom
to create the foundations
of their civilization.
Could it be that
what artificial intelligence
has uncovered
in Guatemala's Mirador Basin
are ruins from
a time when the Maya
were visited
by otherworldly beings?
Curiously. many of these ruins
are even more sophisticated
than later Mayan structures.
including roads
that were on par
with those built by the Romans.
The lidar surveys
have revealed
literally hundreds
of what are being referred to
by the archeologists
as superhighways
linking together
the different Mayan cities.
And these are raised causeways
that come up
several feet beyond
the actual level
of the jungle themself.
Similar elevated
causeways
were built by the Maya
throughout the Classical era.
some of which were as
wide as a four-lane highway.
Archeologists believe
that while these roads
were used for transportation.
they served
a more profound purpose.
You don't need an
elevated highway or causeway
to simply walk from A to B.
Why would the Maya
build these highways.
especially in the absence
of any beasts of burden
or evidence of the use
of wheels for carts
or anything of that nature?
And the answer
to that question is that
the thing at the end
of the causeway
would often house the rulers
or very high nobles
and/or buildings
that warranted procession.
These are ritual causeways
that would be used
in a pilgrimage sense.
For ancient
astronaut theorists.
it's highly intriguing
that the Maya
built vast roadways
for ritual purposes
because their mythology
prominently features a road
that leads to the stars.
There are stories of
the Maya that say that
the road of the stars
descended from the sky
and 13 gods descended
from the heavens to earth
and walked with our ancestors.
If the Mayan roads
have an otherworldly connection.
as ancient astronaut
theorists suggest.
is it possible
that further evidence
is hidden in the jungle.
just waiting to be discovered?
For ancient astronaut theory.
AI is an incredible
tool. because we've been
saying all along.
there's got to be
more evidence out there.
And it seems that AI
is confirming much of what
ancient astronaut theory
is suggesting.
Might the use
of AI in Guatemala
reveal that ancient stories
of humans
living alongside gods
are not fantasy
but instead
are accounts of real history?
Ancient astronaut theorists
say yes.
and they suggest further clues
can be found in Turkey
at one of the oldest
archeological sites
ever discovered.
Spread across
the arid Nazca Plateau
are the famous geoglyphs
known as the Nazca Lines.
They are a collection of
more than 400 giant patterns
carved into the earth.
Some of them
are simple lines.
as the name implies. Some
of them are much more complex.
They're animal forms.
human forms.
They were originally
discovered
by a few archaeologists
in the 1920s.
But it was really in the 1930s.
when commercial flights started.
that people noticed
just how many lines there were.
They're of great interest to
ancient astronaut theory
because they can
only be seen from the sky.
The Nazca lines are thought
of as beacons to the gods.
It's a signaling systems
that humans are using
to communicate with the gods.
While archeologists
believe these geoglyphs
were created between
200 to 700 AD.
the dating is uncertain.
and no written records
exist to explain when or why
the Nazca Lines were made.
But in 2024.
new clues emerged
when a team
of Japanese archeologists
announced the
discovery of more than 300
previously unknown Nazca lines.
A Japanese researcher
named Masato Sakai used
lidar imagery
in combination with AI
to really accelerate
the process of discovery.
In just a year's time.
he found 303 figures.
which almost doubled
what we had found
in the first century
before that.
With the help
of AI. these new lines
and figurines
were discovered that.
before. essentially.
were invisible
to the naked eye.
Some of the glyphs
are quite intricate
and very surprising. including
a 72-foot-long orca
that is portrayed in profile
holding some kind of a weapon
in its hand.
The Japanese
research team
believes the newly
discovered geoglyphs
were created around 200 BC.
which would push back the dating
for when the first Nazca Lines
were made
by at least 400 years.
Who knows what more
is waiting to be discovered
as AI is increasingly
brought to bear.
Maybe there's knowledge encoded
in some of these new
patterns and lines
that was not apparent from
our looking at what
we previously knew.
While researchers
have just begun examining
the newly-discovered geoglyphs
in hopes of finding clues
as to the purpose
of the Nazca Lines.
at another iconic site.
AI may have already
discovered a coded message.
Here stands
one of the most important
archaeological sites
in the world: Göbekli Tepe.
When excavations began in 1995.
archaeologists were amazed
to unearth
dozens of giant stone monoliths.
some weighing as much as 20 tons
and many displaying
intricate stone carvings.
Intrigued by the sophistication
of the carvings.
archeologists had sediment
layers of the site
radiocarbon dated. and
the results were astonishing.
They indicated that
Göbekli Tepe was created
around 9.500 BC.
predating the earliest
known civilizations
by more than 5.000 years.
As the different enclosures
gradually were revealed.
some extraordinary pillars
were uncovered.
And the most enigmatic of these
was Pillar 43.
otherwise known
as the Vulture Stone.
Because one
of its central features
is this open-winged vulture.
Beneath that is a scorpion.
And it's quite clear
that it's cosmological
in nature.
Remarkably.
a recent study of the site
has pushed its origins
even deeper into antiquity.
In 2024. Dr. Martin Sweatman.
a professor at
the University of Edinburgh.
led an unprecedented
investigation of Pillar 43.
Martin Sweatman
and his colleagues
used statistical analysis.
AI-type technology
to see if there were
any constellations
encoded within
this particular pillar.
And they eventually
found several matches
that kind of made sense.
They also then tried
to put a date stamp on it--
of when these
particular constellations.
along with this circle.
which would be the sun--
when that would have happened.
They discovered
that the positioning
of those symbols--
of the vulture. the scorpion and
the bird-headed figure--
matched three constellations.
It matched Scorpius.
Sagittarius and Ophiuchus
at a specific time--
10.500 BC. approximately.
More than a thousand years
older than previously thought.
For ancient
astronaut theorists.
the possibility
that Göbekli Tepe
could date to 10.500 BC
is tremendously exciting.
because it lines up with an era
described in Egyptian mythology
as Zep Tepi.
Ancient Egyptian texts
have documented there was
a time called Zep Tepi.
which was about 10.500 BC.
And that was a time
when the so-called gods--
lowercase G--
walked amongst human beings.
We're told
that these star beings
brought knowledge with them--
astronomy. agriculture.
civilization--
and then they leave.
AI potentially has
the ability to reveal
a connection among
whoever created Pillar 43
at Göbekli Tepe
in ancient Egypt.
Could artificial
intelligence finally provide
evidence to support what
ancient astronaut theorists
have been saying all along--
that ruins around the globe
hold proof
of extraterrestrial contact
thousands of years ago?
Perhaps even more compelling
clues came to light
when AI analyzed
some of the most important
documents ever discovered:
the Dead Sea Scrolls.
At the University of Groningen.
Professor Mladen Popovic
has developed an AI program
for a highly specialized
purpose.
As an expert in ancient Judaism.
he wants to incorporate
artificial intelligence
in his study
of the Dead Sea Scrolls
and the technology is
already beginning to extract
incredible new information
from what many consider
the world's most important
ancient religious documents.
The Dead Sea Scrolls
are so famous
because they are the most
ancient manuscripts
of the Hebrew Bible.
of the Old Testament.
And many manuscripts.
we had no idea
that they existed.
They were found
in the caves in Qumran.
which is near the Dead Sea.
That's where
the Dead Sea Scrolls
get their name.
From 1946 to 1956. they find
between. like. eight.
900 of these scrolls.
Some of them are books
that didn't
make it into the Bible.
like the Book of Enoch.
More than 11 copies
of the Book of Enoch
were found
among the Dead Sea Scrolls.
And the text
inspired Dr. Popovic
to name his new program
after the biblical patriarch.
Enoch is
such a fascinating figure
in the Old Testament
and the Book of Enoch.
There was this archangel. Uriel.
and he showed Enoch
how the cosmos works.
This Enoch figure is a sort of
an ancient Jewish science hero.
and I thought it was
very fitting to call it Enoch.
The Book of Enoch
is a text often cited
as evidence for
the ancient astronaut theory.
because it contains incredible
tales of flying chariots.
a race of giants.
and even otherworldly beings
coming to Earth.
The Book of Enoch
tells of
the arrival of the Watchers.
how they descend
down Mount Hermon.
how they create this hybrid
hybrid offspring. the Nephilim.
and how the watcher angels
then begin to teach humanity
the use of astrology.
weapons. metallurgy.
In ancient astronaut theory.
we understand that
Enoch is describing something
that actually happened.
When the Dead Sea
Scrolls were discovered.
the texts looked like
they came from the time
of Christ. suggesting
that they were written down
at that time.
However. the more
the scholars looked into them.
the more they realized
that they were more ancient.
It's a fascinating
question--
who wrote these manuscripts.
these scrolls.
and who put them in the caves?
And the traditional
interpretation is that
it was this ancient group
called the Essenes.
But their name does not appear
in the Dead Sea Scrolls itself.
It might have been the Essenes.
but we're not sure about that.
Traditional scholarship says.
"Oh. you know. these texts.
these are kind of fantasy.
"These are later interpolations
or embellishments
on what
the original writer meant."
But now
AI might actually reveal
that those texts are much older
than previously thought.
and what they're describing
are not things
that they later made up.
but eyewitness accounts.
We were lucky
to receive samples
of the Dead Sea Scrolls.
physical samples. that
we could radiocarbon date
and that you can
then use to train an algorithm
to associate a certain way
of writing
with a certain time period.
And once the algorithm
is trained to recognize that.
you can feed it images
of other manuscripts
that have no date
and it can compare them.
We learned that
many of these manuscripts
are older than
we previously thought.
from the second century BC or
even from the third century BC.
We now have evidence
that the Dead Sea Scrolls
is from the time
of an actual Biblical author.
which is truly mind-blowing.
because it brings us
to the time of these ancient
Biblical writers themselves.
For the ancient
astronaut theory.
this is significant.
because many of those items
like the flying chariots
were thought
to have been added later
when in fact. it happened
during the time
when these things were
written down.
which would lend to the idea
that our ancestors
actually witnessed something
and commemorated this
when it was happening.
Could it be
that the Dead Sea Scrolls
contain the original
writings of Enoch
and his first-hand accounts
of extraterrestrial contact?
Ancient astronaut theorists
say yes. and they suggest
artificial intelligence
isn't only finding new evidence
of alien intervention
in the distant past
but also revealing that
these otherworldly visitors...
...never left.
A U.S. Customs and
Border Protection airplane
is patrolling above a U.S.
airbase when its thermal camera
captures a large metallic
object flying at high speed.
A mystery object
is seen circling the airport.
and then it moves off
across the ocean.
And at one point
it descends into the ocean.
and then a few moments
later emerges.
We don't have
that kind of technology.
Aerospace engineer
Dr. Travis Taylor.
a member of the U.S.
government's UAP task force.
was asked to analyze
the remarkable footage.
As part of
his investigation
into the strange object.
Dr. Taylor
turned to AI software.
When I was on the UAP
UAP Task Force. we analyzed
all sorts of different.
UAP videos
like the one in Puerto Rico.
and the AI analysis
is really fascinating.
The AI does say that
the object
is going about
72 to 74 miles per hour.
When it goes into the water.
there is no splash.
And it even debunks
one of the debunking videos
out there that says
"Well. it was just a artifact
of the sensors why
you didn't see the wake."
So. AI is being very useful.
As far as
ufologists are concerned.
the AI revolution is happening
at the perfect time
because more
sensational UAP events
are being caught on video
than ever before...
...and human observers
simply aren't equipped
to analyze them
in the same way that
artificial intelligence can.
We have
all of this footage
from the past decades
UFO or UAP sightings.
Some of it's shaky.
some of it's blurry.
The AI can look at that
and straighten up those images.
can clean them up for us
so we can
see exactly
what we're looking at.
But more than that.
it can look at whatever's
portrayed in that video.
frame by frame.
and say. "Oh. well.
here's the size of it.
"here's what it's made of.
here's its velocity
and here's where it was going."
AI gets better
with the more things it sees.
So. we need to
grab every UFO video.
every UAP video.
every odd video out there
that we could get our hands on
and start training up
a UAP base
of data for the AI systems.
And it'll help us
start getting to the bottom
of what really is going on
with this phenomenon.
Dr. Travis Taylor is
among many scientists
who are using this tool
to study
unidentified anomalous phenomena.
and he believes that
our own technological evolution
will rely heavily
on artificial intelligence.
AI is a fantastic
technology.
It will give you a leg up
on any topic known to man.
and maybe some topics that
we haven't discovered yet.
I use it every day.
and I use it to solve
complex general relativity
and quantum physics problems.
I have used it to solve problems
and discover new concepts
and ideas that
we haven't thought of yet.
I've used it
for Defense Department concepts.
Used it for space
science things.
And I have used it
in the ancient astronaut theory
avenue as well. Because
there are telltale signs
that we miss. as humans.
But the AI is very meticulous
and finds them. I took
an AI system and
analyzed Teotihuacan
and wanted to determine
why these buildings are
in the arrangements they are.
And it turns out that
the ratios of the building sizes
and the distances
between the buildings
match the golden ratio exactly.
So. somebody knew
and understood the golden ratio
when Teotihuacan was built.
And why. I haven't
figured out yet.
But AI has already discovered
something about Teotihuacan
that we didn't know before.
And I think that's something
that that we can apply
to sites around the world.
to concepts around the world.
So. we're going to start
seeing answers
and start getting knowledge
that we have lost
or didn't have.
Scientists are also theorizing
that our search for
extraterrestrial intelligence
out in the cosmos
may involve AI envoys.
And some researchers.
like theoretical physicist
Dr. Michio Kaku.
suggest that if the UAPs
seen in our skies
are of extraterrestrial origin.
they could very well be a type
of AI technology themselves.
We have been brainwashed.
Brainwashed by Hollywood
into thinking
that when the aliens
land on the White House lawn
that they look sort of like us.
Realize that. in reality.
that is the most
inefficient way
to explore the universe.
There are so many
worlds to visit.
but to visit each one
with a humanoid being
is a waste of time.
it's a waste of effort.
It's much better to
use artificial intelligence
to explore the universe.
Artificial intelligence can
cut through the painstaking work
of astronauts visiting
one planet at a time
and give us a readout
of a thousand worlds
all at once.
Could artificial intelligence
lead to profound new revelations
about not only the unexplained
phenomena in our skies
but also the mysteries
of our distant past?
According to
ancient astronaut theorists.
AI may already have uncovered
an incredible secret
of the ancient world
buried deep beneath
the Pyramids of Egypt.
Engineer and geospatial analyst
Dr. Filippo Biondi
has spent months working with
a team of Italian researchers
to investigate what lies
beneath the iconic structures
that stand on the Giza Plateau.
A technology called
synthetic aperture radar
has allowed them to
peer deep underground.
and what they claim
to have found is extraordinary.
Under the
Giza Plateau. they found
huge underground chambers
and shafts
and structures under the Sphinx.
under the other pyramids.
and everything else.
So what they discovered
is quite remarkable.
What was detected
with synthetic aperture radar
was astonishing.
And when artificial
intelligence was employed
to analyze the SAR scans.
the resulting models
were even more incredible.
Using AI.
they've recreated
what it would have looked like.
It looks like
these eight tubes going down
with what looked like
cylindrical kind of cavities
going deep under the ground.
The evidence
is now emerging that there's
something much more
profound going on there.
If the mysterious
chambers under the Giza Plateau
do in fact exist.
it would upend our
understanding of human history.
And as far as ancient astronaut
theorists are concerned.
it is only a matter of time
before artificial intelligence
provides incontrovertible
evidence
of ET intervention on Earth.
If I myself
had access to an AI model.
that could essentially
tell me anything.
what I would do
is I'd feed into it
all knowledge
of ancient cosmologies
from around the world.
and allow it
to tell us where exactly
this knowledge came from
and just when it was created.
And my own heart tells me
that it's gonna go back
at least to 40
to 50.000 years ago
and to have come from an
enlightened human population
that existed at this time.
who we can truly refer to
as the lost civilization.
In ancient astronaut
theory. the idea is that these
extraterrestrials are
leaving clues around the world.
Clues of buildings and of texts.
other things that. you know.
are difficult to figure out.
And AI is helping
us find those things.
And AI is helping us. you know.
ultimately find out who we are
and where we came from.
Could it be that the
rise of artificial intelligence
will not only
have profound implications
for the future of humanity
but also provide incredible
revelations about our past?
Will AI uncover evidence
for the ancient astronaut theory
hidden in undeciphered texts.
encoded in
megalithic structures
and buried with
long-lost civilizations?
Perhaps. as this powerful
technology continues to advance.
it will reveal that
the history of humankind
has been written
by extraterrestrials.
CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY
A+E NETWORKS
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today